Battlefield Notes

Oof... our poor player keeps picking these combat-focused missions. As a stealthy adventurer, they're a little unsuited.
The battlefield is absolute chaos, a chance for powerful mob-killing builds to strut their stuff.
As you might notice, there are MANY orcs. The "Or"s are runts, the sword-fodder. The "A"s are alphas, savage warriors.
The "B"s are bowmen. The "S"s are soldiers, armored orcs that keep their guard up in melee. That's a lot of nasty.

The player has quite a few allies themselves. The "M"s are their fellow mercenaries. 
These are good melee fighters that will soundly beat a runt one-on-one. The "C"s are Strandian Consctipts.
A bit weaker than Mercenaries, conscripts buff each other, and their strong defense is useful for breaking orc charges.
They are hopelessly outnumbered. The player's job is pull the weight of many soldiers. Too bad they're such a wimp!

Once again the player has to get creative. By now they've learned that orcs are much nastier when they can gang up on someone.
The player hopes that if they can split the orcish forces, their allies will eventually prevail over one half and then the other.
To that end, they have sprinted out into the middle of the battlefield. They want to make sure the advancing orcs see them first.
Once the orcs see them, they'll kite them south, hopefully keeping them busy long enough for the northern group to thin out.

The arrows to the east are a map transition. They lead "behind enemy lines" to a more traditional wilderness map with only orcs.
The player's objective may be there, or it may just serve as a place for extra treasure, or a potential means of escape.
There's no exit on the player's side of the field... it'd just be too easy to nope out of the level if things go south.
We'll imagine the Strandians catch and lynch any mercenaries who desert ;).
If the player wants to leave the level without killing the orcs on the battlefield, they'll need to make it to the arrows,
and the second map, which will have an exit somewhere.