The Dark Cave

You can kind of imagine this one as a continuation to "The Forest Cave". The player entered through the stairs in the southern chamber.
Cave levels have chambers connected by tight passages.

The darkness of the cave means the player can't see very far. Orcs on the other hand, treat darkness as bright light.
As a result, the player hasn't been able to avoid any of the wandering orcs.

But the cramped quarters aren't all bad. By kiting the orc mobs into the passages, the player can take them one at a time.
Orcs have a strong attack, but lower their guard when they use it. They're much less dangerous one on one.

Even so, the player has taken serious damage after racking up so many kills.
After the dust clears, they can start checking out the rest of the level.

The western chamber is a pre-made vault, containing the player's objective!
The "I" is a pedestal, which is like a treasure chest, but with contents visible from afar.
Typically the objective will be on one of these, so that the player can know it by looking.

The vault is filled with lava pools, a thin path snakes across leading to the pedestal.
The intense heat of lava means that standing adjacent to it will deal damage to anything not resistant to fire.
In their wounded the state, the player decides that, even if they made it out alive, they'd be too wounded to make it back to the level exit.

So now the player is item-hunting.A  potion of resistance, fire, haste, healing... any of these could be the key to the level win.
Having use-ID'd their inventory without luck, they look to potions on the floor.

The southeast chamber has a group of sleeping orcs... led by an Alpha.
The player wisely picks the north, heart-shaped chamber, with just a few runts. But these orcs are awake, milling.
Knowing their odds of grabbing the potion and leaving without alerting them is low, the player is about to try to get a sneaky crit off.
Worse comes to worst, they can just kite into the corridor.

Some dungeon features on display: the "/\" are stalagmites. I figure these have some kind of line of sight rules.
Maybe you can hide behind them if you're near. The "M"s are underground fungus. Naturally these are a light source.

Dead ends play an important role here. They make it feel more natural, as opposed to man-made.
Going through a cave without a torch should force back-tracking and such.
